README.md, before:

# Amazon Dashboard (Seller + PPC + Forecasting)

Production-ready Amazon Seller dashboard for two shared users on a single DigitalOcean droplet.

## Tech stack (locked)

- **Backend:** Python, FastAPI, SQLAlchemy, Alembic
- **Database:** PostgreSQL
- **Frontend:** React + TypeScript
- **Infra:** Docker, Docker Compose, Caddy
- **Auth:** Email/password + JWT
- **Data/ML:** pandas, numpy, scikit-learn

## Features

- Multi-marketplace support
- Sales, profit, inventory, and PPC views
- Forecasting and restock
- Shared data for two users
- Secure login

## Development approach

Mock data first; Amazon APIs later.

## Planned repo structure

```
backend/
frontend/
caddy/
docker-compose.yml
```

## Sprint 1 scope

- **Docker Compose services:** db, backend, frontend, caddy
- **Backend endpoints:** `/api/health`, `/api/auth/register`, `/api/auth/login`, `/api/me`
- **DB:** user table via Alembic
- **Frontend:** login screen + protected API call

## How to run (local, no Docker)

**Prerequisites:** PostgreSQL running locally; repo-root `.env` with `DATABASE_URL` (e.g. `postgresql+psycopg://user:pass@localhost:5432/amazon_dashboard`), `JWT_SECRET`, and optionally `FRONTEND_ORIGIN=http://localhost:5173`.

**Backend (PowerShell):**

```powershell
cd backend
python -m venv .venv
.\.venv\Scripts\activate
pip install -r requirements.txt
alembic upgrade head
python -m app.scripts.seed_mock_data --days 120
uvicorn app.main:app --reload --port 8000
```

**Frontend (second terminal):**

```powershell
cd frontend
npm install
npm run dev
```

Frontend runs on the port configured in `vite.config.ts` (e.g. 5175). It proxies `/api` to the backend, so requests to `http://127.0.0.1:<port>/api/...` are forwarded to `http://127.0.0.1:8000/api/...`.

Commit message:

Sprint 11: Insights & UX Intelligence - Forecast quality badge, Action Summary restock, What changed? cards, Settings preferences

README.md, after:

# Amazon Dashboard (Seller + PPC + Forecasting)

Production-ready Amazon Seller dashboard for two shared users on a single DigitalOcean droplet.

## Tech stack (locked)

- **Backend:** Python, FastAPI, SQLAlchemy, Alembic
- **Database:** PostgreSQL
- **Frontend:** React + TypeScript
- **Infra:** Docker, Docker Compose, Caddy
- **Auth:** Email/password + JWT
- **Data/ML:** pandas, numpy, scikit-learn

## Features

- Multi-marketplace support
- Sales, profit, inventory, and PPC views
- Forecasting and restock
- Shared data for two users
- Secure login

## Development approach

Mock data first; Amazon APIs later.

## Planned repo structure

```
backend/
frontend/
caddy/
docker-compose.yml
```

## Sprint 1 scope

- **Docker Compose services:** db, backend, frontend, caddy
- **Backend endpoints:** `/api/health`, `/api/auth/register`, `/api/auth/login`, `/api/me`
- **DB:** user table via Alembic
- **Frontend:** login screen + protected API call

## How to run with Docker

**Prerequisites:** Copy `.env.example` to `.env` and set `JWT_SECRET` (and optionally change `POSTGRES_PASSWORD`).

```powershell
cd D:\Cursor\Amazon\amazon-dashboard
copy .env.example .env
docker compose up -d
```

App is at **http://localhost** (Caddy on port 80; `/api` → backend, `/` → frontend). Swagger docs at **http://localhost/docs**. To stop: `docker compose down`.

### API / Restock Planner

- **POST /api/restock/plan** — Accepts optional `current_inventory` (int, ≥0). When provided, the response includes `days_of_cover`, `expected_stockout_date`, and `stockout_before_lead_time`; otherwise these fields are null.

## How to run (local, no Docker)

**Prerequisites:** PostgreSQL running locally; repo-root `.env` with `DATABASE_URL` (e.g. `postgresql+psycopg://user:pass@localhost:5432/amazon_dashboard`), `JWT_SECRET`, and optionally `FRONTEND_ORIGIN=http://localhost:5173`.

**Backend (PowerShell):**

```powershell
cd backend
python -m venv .venv
.\.venv\Scripts\activate
pip install -r requirements.txt
alembic upgrade head
python -m app.scripts.seed_mock_data --days 120
uvicorn app.main:app --reload --port 8000
```

**Frontend (second terminal):**

```powershell
cd frontend
npm install
npm run dev
```

Frontend runs on the port configured in `vite.config.ts` (e.g. 5175). It proxies `/api` to the backend, so requests to `http://127.0.0.1:<port>/api/...` are forwarded to `http://127.0.0.1:8000/api/...`.
